Tottenham manager Jose Mourinho said they had one foot in the next round after Gareth Bale inspired them to victory over Wolfsberger in the Europa League last first leg  Bale crossed for Son Heungmin to head the opener and then cut inside and blasted home their second goal. That was the first time since April that he scored and assisted a Tottenham goal in the same game.  Lucas Moura added a fine solo goal before halftime in Budapest.  But Michael Liendl's penalty gave Wolfsberger hope and Christopher Wernitznig hit the bar - before Carlos Vinicius probably killed the tie.  I don't consider this an incredible victory, just a good victory that brings good feelings, said Mourinho. The plane back will be a different plane than after a defeat.  Spurs boss Jose Mourinho spoke beforehand about how much he wants to win the Europa League and named a strong team, although Harry Kane was left in London for fitness reasons.  They were excellent in the first half but were much less impressive after replacing Son with Vinicius at half time.  Wolfsberger were limited opposition, sitting sixth in the Austrian league and in a European knockout game for the first time. The game had to be played six hours away in Budapest, Hungary because of Covid restrictions.  The second leg is next Wednesday at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.  Follow live text commentary of all Thursday's Europa League games here Did Spurs fringe players impress? Bale and Dele Alli were the notable starters in the lineup for Spurs. Mourinho said beforehand he was worried about the result and not individual performances of fringe players - but he would have been happy with what he saw in the first half.  Bale set up the opener when he received Matt Doherty's pass before crossing for Son, who matched his personal goal tally of last season with .  That was Bale's first assist for Spurs since April against Manchester City - before he left for Real Madrid.  Doherty picked out Bale again, but this time the Welshman cut on to his left foot and smashed a powerful effort past the goalkeeper, his fifth goal of a loan spell from Real.  When Moura beat several defenders on a mazy run to score Spurs' third, it looked as if it could be a rout.  Alli looked in the mood too, with a brilliant nutmeg to create a shooting opportunity although he fired straight at the keeper.